README.md, before:

# __

#### _A practice application using Ruby, Gem & Pry. 5.8.2020_

#### By _**Allison Mackey**_

## Description

__ 

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone Repository from GitHub : https://github.com/amackey693/Week8CodeReview.git
* _Open folder in Virtual Studio Code (or your text editor of choice)_
* _Open your terminal in Virtual Studio Code & type code . this will open all files associated with this app. 
* _Before you initialize GIT, be sure to delete the already exisiting .git file by running this command in your terminal $rm -rf .git_
* _Create your own repository and push new changes to GitHub_

## Behavior Driven Development 


|   Behavior Description        |
|-------------------------------|
| 1. Allows user to input two words []|
| 2. Splits each word into an array []|
| 3. Iterates over each ltr of the array to compare[]|
| 4. Returns true if they contain the same letters []|
| 5. Returns false if they do not contain the same letters []|
| 6. Accounts for case sensitivity []|
| 7. Accounts for multiple words w/ spaces & punctuations []|


## Known Bugs

_No known bugs at this time_

## Support and contact details

_If you have any questions or any issues please feel free to submit an issue here: https://github.com/amackey693/coin-combo.git/issues_

## Technologies Used

_Ruby, Gem, Pry_ 


### License
*MIT LICENSE*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Allison Macke_**

Commit message:

write test on spec #1 'takes in two words from user & splits them into arrays'. Expect to FAIL

README.md, after:

# __

#### _A practice application using Ruby, Gem & Pry. 5.8.2020_

#### By _**Allison Mackey**_

## Description

_This application will allow the user to enter two words and return a true or false statement to them. True if the two words are anagrams, false if they are not._ 

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone Repository from GitHub : https://github.com/amackey693/Week8CodeReview.git
* _Open folder in Virtual Studio Code (or your text editor of choice)_
* _Open your terminal in Virtual Studio Code & type code . this will open all files associated with this app. 
* _Before you initialize GIT, be sure to delete the already exisiting .git file by running this command in your terminal $rm -rf .git_
* _Create your own repository and push new changes to GitHub_

## Behavior Driven Development 


|   Behavior Description        |
|-------------------------------|
| 1. Allows user to input two words []|
| 2. Splits each word into an array []|
| 3. Iterates over each ltr of the array to compare[]|
| 4. Returns true if they contain the same letters []|
| 5. Returns false if they do not contain the same letters []|
| 6. Accounts for case sensitivity []|
| 7. Accounts for multiple words w/ spaces & punctuations []|


## Known Bugs

_No known bugs at this time_

## Support and contact details

_If you have any questions or any issues please feel free to submit an issue here: https://github.com/amackey693/Week8CodeReview.git_

## Technologies Used

_Ruby, Gem, Pry_ 


### License
*MIT LICENSE*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Allison Macke_**
